if you're looking for a great book with
parenting tips on how to be a good
father to a daughter here's one that
could be really interesting whether
you're a new father and even if you're
an experienced one as I was hi I'm James
I bond founder of the father-daughter
project I'm also father of a son and
three daughters and let me tell you when
it comes to parenting tips for dads with
daughters few people understand it
better than dads who've gone through the
experience themselves most people throw
a bunch of parenting tips at you without
realizing that raising a daughter is
different from anything a man will ever
experience I know because even though I
ran a training and behavior management
company I discovered firsthand how
difficult being a dad to a daughter
could be and when I searched for help
and advice all I got was a bunch of
so-called experts their help was nice
but I needed parenting tips that were
fast and simple that dealt with the real
issues of being a father to a daughter
so to learn about what parenting for the
father of a daughter was really like I
went to the source real fathers of
daughters and what they told me was
amazing better than any parenting tips
I'd gotten from the experts and from
some of the best-selling books in the
end more than 101 fathers of daughters
agreed to be interviewed not just giving
parenting tips but telling about their
successes and screw-ups more than 200
hours of recorded interviews from real
dads talking about their own experiences
with parenting a daughter the good the
bad and everything in between
they talked about every phase of raising
a daughter from their first experience
of her birth through the twos the school
years the teens are getting a driver's
license and up through adulthood all the
stuff that only a dad would know and
because I had so much difficulty finding
the kind of parenting tips most useful
for dads of daughters I've made excerpts
of these interviews available in a new
book called The Secret Life of fathers
in it you get to learn those little
things not just simple parenting tips
but actual details about being father to
a daughter some of the complicated
things and plenty of the really fun
things the kind of stuff that only a
father of a daughter would be able to
tell you and the best part is its in
bite-size pieces so it's really easy to
read and scan when it comes to parenting
tips people are telling us this is like
the first-ever real training manual for
fathers of daughters if you're a father
to at least one daughter regardless of
her age you owe it to yourself to check
this out The Secret Life of fathers one
of the best books on parenting tips
you'll find because it's from real dads
check it out at bookstores everywhere or
online at amazon.com or barnes and noble
com or go to our website at The Secret
Life of fathers calm